DOCSP-32177/DOCSP-32178 compatibility and Issues & Help (#3)
mongodb/docs-entity-framework: source/issues-and-help.txt

.. _entity-framework-issues-help:

=============
Issues & Help
=============

Bugs / Feature Requests
-----------------------

To report a bug or to request a new feature in the {+provider-short+},
please open an issue in JIRA, our issue management tool, using the
following steps:

1. `Create a JIRA account <https://jira.mongodb.org>`__.
#. Navigate to `the Entity Framework project <https://jira.mongodb.org/projects/EF/>`__.
#. Click :guilabel:`Create Issue`. Please provide as much information as possible about the
   issue and the steps to reproduce it.

> Bug reports in JIRA for the Entity Framework Provider project can be viewed by everyone.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Bug reports in JIRA for the {+provider-short+} project can be viewed by everyone.
```
